---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: About content
title: About
dateModified: '2015-10-10T18:26:16.969Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
datePublished: '2015-10-10T18:26:29.043Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-10-about.md
published: true
url: about/index.html
_type: Article

---
# About

Soono is a business driven by one thing and one thing only: using technology to help other businesses become the best that they can be. Soono's Principal, [John Farley][0], has been improving business operations for companies large and small since 2001\. He's worked for market leading companies, such as AT&T Wireless, Devon Energy, Sykes Enterprises, and a la mode, inc. Now, he's focused on putting his knowledge and experience to work for Soono's clients.

We can help you develop custom applications, utilities and add-ons for your existing software platforms--simply put, everything you need to make the most of the technology you already have. Since all our offerings are custom designed to meet the needs of our individual customers, you can be absolutely sure that the solution we create for you will be easy to implement, will work well with your existing IT infrastructure, and will drive a quick return on your investment.

Everything we do helps businesses save time, cut costs, and get better at whatever it is they do. We accomplish this by connecting disparate systems, automating repetitive manual tasks, and optimizing business process. Contact us today to learn more about what we can do for your business.

[0]: http://www.linkedin.com/in/johnmfarley/ "View John's LinkedIn Profile"